# CS-360

The requirements of the application were to create a functional account creation and login system prior to a database that displayed the information it stored in a grid format. Additionally, the application was to request SMS notifications and act according to user input. This app was designed to address the need for a simple and effective grid database the user could access. The SMS notifications itself was a user-centered feature that while part of the necessary requirements still made the application more user-centered. Additionally, the login and account creation screens were both in the same vein. Keeping clean and simple designs made for an easy to understand user interface and thus make it more user-friendly. Making sure there was a minimal need for button pressing made this design successful. I approached coding this application with the thoughts that I would need to make multiple screens and thus sub-projects for my final product. This meant that a simple strategy of making each feature it's own sub-project would be highly effective and thus became the main method I used for this project. I can apply this in the future if the projects in the future I make are utilizing multiple screens and pop-ups. I tested my code through the emulator system that Android Studio provides. This allowed me to see directly how this would be seen in a genuine android device. It revealed that I still have much to learn when it comes to Android Studio. Innovation for this project came early. I initially believed that I could have done all of the requirements on a single screen. This became more and more difficult to think and then work around as I continued. After a period of hitting a 'brick wall' in my development, I realized I never needed to work on a single screen and that was just a remnant from prior experience with classes desiring all work in one single project file. Thus, I started sub-projects. This immediately allowed me to split up the work and make everything look a lot more presentable. I really like what I did with the SMS notification. Considering that the notification did not need to take up the whole screen I made sure that it did not do so when the notification was triggered. This felt like a stroke of genius at the time when I realized I could make a differently sized screen which would not take up as much space and provide a much more user-friendly approach to the application.
